# Competitive Analysis (Archetype and Methods of Persuasion) for 3 competitors of your chosen business /product

## Competitor 1: Subway
Subway closely aligns with the "Everyman" archetype. The franchise uses earthy colors in yellow and green to represent growth, health, energy, happiness, and optimism. Subway's themes and marketing targets individuals who need a relatable, familiar, and accessible food venture to satisfy their hunger. The sandwich chain offers a variety of customizable options to suit any individual's preferences. Additionally, their brand persuades customers with their affordability, convenience, and healthy options. Additionally, they truly focus on reliability with consistent dining experiences around the world (same menus, layouts, interior designs) and fresh ingredieents.

## Competitor 2: Jersey Mike's
Jersey Mike's aligns with the "Ruler" archetype. This archetype resembles leadership and a sense of control, and the franchise backs this up by setting high standards for quality. They adverstize quality in their products and ingredients with a standardized approach to their menus across the country. The Ruler Archetype strives for precision, organization, and consistency, and Jersey Mike's delivers by persuading customers with their consistent, superior experience in terms of quality and freshness. They highlight freshly sliced meats, baked bread, and high quality produce. Further, they incorporate a lot of storytelling in their marketing about the brand's history, their values, commitment to quality, and community engagement. This is aimed to create an emotional connection with customers.

## Competitor 3: Jimmy John's
Jimmy John's aligns with the "Outlaw" archetype. This archetype resembles rebellion against the status quo, a free-spirited attitude, and a disruptive approach to conventional norms. The franchise embodies this by positioning itself as a rebel in the deli industry, offering alternative to traditional chains. Jimmy John's persuades customers with their fast service times, rebellious black and red themes, and untraditional menu options. Their unique brand persona resonates with customers with a fresh and unconventional take on fast-food delis
